Update install instructions (#792)
DataDog/integrations-extras: kernelcare/README.md

### Installation

> If you are using Agent v6.8+ follow the instructions below to install the HBase RegionServer check on your host. See our dedicated Agent guide for [installing community integrations][3] to install checks with the [Agent prior v6.8][4] or the [Docker Agent][5]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Agent v6.8+ follow the instructions below to install the HBase RegionServer check on your host. See the dedicated Agent guide for [installing community integrations][3] to install checks with the [Agent prior v6.8][4] or the [Docker Agent][5]:
```

> If you are using Agent v6.8+ follow the instructions below to install the HBase RegionServer check on your host. See the dedicated Agent guide for [installing community integrations][3] to install checks with the [Agent prior v6.8][4] or the [Docker Agent][5]:

Author: Kernelcare
```suggestion
If you are using Agent v6.8+ follow the instructions below to install the Kernelcare check on your host. See the dedicated Agent guide for [installing community integrations][3] to install checks with the [Agent prior v6.8][4] or the [Docker Agent][5]:
```
